After all, my brother is second only to the dragon daughter in status
One of the four gods of war
Are you kidding?
I thought Miss Murong's brother was just the Dragon Temple
Protector, etc.
Unexpectedly, he turned out to be a god of war
Sure enough
The Dragon Temple goes out of the kingdoms to submit, not casually
I'm afraid it's going to be too late for them to meet now
Offended the Dragon Temple
I'm afraid there's no way up or down.
Stop like a swallow
If you have anything, come to me
Let go of my brother
The scene of a good fisherman's brother and sister's deep love?
However, true strength is not enough
I don't know what kind of existence the Dragon Temple is
But since they have turned the tide in troubled times
Defend our country from foreign enemies
Then it is absolutely impossible to let the guard of the family be the prosperity of the tiger
He also hurt the generals who defended the country
Right.
This dragon girl
Before the Dragon Temple was founded?
It is convenient to sign this agreement of the total financial push in the afternoon
How could they possibly do something to their own people?
So what?
My brother is the god of war
That alone offends me.
You all have to kneel and kowtow to me
After all, you are just bullying others
If the dragon girl is still alive
I wouldn't let that happen.
Dry and now the dragon girl is missing
What my brother means is what the dragon girl means.
Take him down for me who dares
Senior brother
Brother, sister
Didn't you just feel proud?
Without your three brothers
It's nothing.
You are in danger
Yokai Drive